.TH "slune" "6" "0.4.0" "Jiba (Lamy Jean-Baptiste)" "Games"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
slune \- a fun 3D racing game
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
slune [\fIoptions...\fP]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
Slune is a 3D fun racing game in which Tux and Gnu must provide AIDS medicine to Africa. A peer2peer based multiplayer mode is available. The game can be played either with keyboard or with a mouse (a third button mouse with roll is adviced).
.br 
Slune is a Nekeme game <http://nekeme.net>. It is written in Python and available as free software, under the GPL.
.br 
The command\-line options are usually useless, just start the game with 'slune'. About all options (such as fullscreen,...) can be set in the game.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-\-help\fR
Output help information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-\-version\fR
Output version information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-\-tk\fR
(Old) TK interface.
.TP 
\fB\-\-fullscreen\fR
Fullscreen mode.
.TP 
\fB\-\-windowed\fR
Windowed mode (default).
.TP 
\fB\-\-screensize <\fIwidth\fP> <\fIheight\fP>\fR
Sets the screen size (in pixel, default is 640 480).
.TP 
\fB\-\-no\-fps\-limit\fR
Disable FPS limit, for benchmarking (default is to limit FPS to 40).
.TP 
\fB\-\-level <\fIlevelname\fP>\fR
Immediately starts the game in level <\fIlevelname\fP> (e.g. "mission\-1").
.TP 
\fB\-\-name <\fIname\fP>\fR
Sets the player's <\fIname\fP> (default is your username).
.TP 
\fB\-\-port <\fIport\fP>\fR
Sets the socket's TCP <\fIport\fP> number (default 36079).
.TP 
\fB\-\-parrain\-host <\fIhost\fP>\fR
Join an already existant multiplayer game that someone (the "parrain") is playing at <\fIhost\fP>.
.TP 
\fB\-\-parrain\-port <\fIport\fP>\fR
Sets the parrain's socket's TCP <\fIport\fP> number (default 36079).
.TP 
\fB\-2\fR
Join an already existant multiplayer game on the *same* computer (e.g. for testing). Equivalent to "\-\-port 36179 \-\-parrain\-host 127.0.0.1 \-\-parrain\-port 36079".
.SH "CONTROLS"
Slune can be played either with a keyboard or a mouse. The cursor keys
or the mouse can be used to turn the car (left or right) or make it go faster (up)
or slower (down). Additionally, the following actions are possible:
.LP 
.TP 
\fBShift\fR or \fBMouse middle button\fR
Makes your racing car take a long jump.
.TP 
\fBControl\fR or \fBMouse right button\fR
Makes your racing car take a hight jump.
.TP 
\fBAlt\fR or \fBMouse left button\fR
Enables nitro mode, which makes the car go faster but consumes your energy.
.br
When jumping you can roll with up or down and use the control or shift
keys to look up or down.
.br
The \fBq\fR or \fBescape\fR keys can be used to exit at any time.
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
\fI~/.slune\fP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Jiba (Lamy Jean\-Baptiste) <jiba@tuxfamily.org>
